Remove format version field from keys.json (#267)
WICG/conversion-measurement-api: AGGREGATE.md

  ]
}
```

> In the case of backwards incompatible changes to this scheme (e.g. in future versions), the hosting address (i.e. URL) should also change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of backwards incompatible changes to this scheme (e.g. in future versions of the API), the .well-known endpoint should also change.
```
